61019: Updated Description of Replicated Components (#726)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/intro-replicated.md

### Kubernetes Installer

The Replicated Kubernetes installer provisions a cluster on a customer's virtual machine. This is known as a Kubernetes installer cluster or embedded cluster, and it allows customers to install an application without an existing Kubernetes cluster. The Kubernetes installer is based on the open source kURL project, which is maintained by Replicated.

For more information about configuring a Kubernetes installer cluster, see [Creating a Kubernetes Installer](/vendor/packaging-embedded-kubernetes). For more information about how enterprise users install with the Kubernetes installer, see [Installing with the Kubernetes Installer](/enterprise/installing-embedded-cluster).

### Admin Console

The Replicated admin console is a graphical user interface that interacts with the app manager. Enterprise customers can use the admin console to manage, update, configure, monitor, backup and restore, and troubleshoot their application instance.

The admin console is installed with the application by the app manager.

![Admin Console Dashboard](/images/guides/kots/application.png)

### kots CLI

> Enterprise customers can install and use the kots command-line interface (CLI) to manage and troubleshoot the application programmatically. The kots CLI interacts with the app manager and provides an alternative to using the admin console. For more information, see [Installing the kots CLI](/reference/kots-cli-getting-started).

Reviewer: Just wasn't sure about the "troubleshoot" part of this, since downloading the support bundle requires the support-bundle kubectl plugin. Maybe "update" could work here instead?

# What is Replicated?

Replicated is an enterprise software distribution platform that lets you package and update your application using Kubernetes manifests or Helm charts, and securely distribute your application to Kubernetes clusters in diverse customer environments.

> Environments include on-premises (including air gapped) and cloud hosted Kubernetes clusters. For customers who do not have an existing Kubernetes cluster, Replicated provisions a new cluster on a customer's virtual machine (VM), where the application is then installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environments include on-premises (including air gapped) and cloud-hosted Kubernetes clusters. For customers who do not have an existing Kubernetes cluster, Replicated provisions a new cluster on a customer's virtual machine (VM), where the application is then installed.
```

> To learn more about Replicated, see [Intro to Replicated: 20 Ways We Help](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eOh7CofY3Q&t=779s) video.

Reviewer: Just noticed a typo here (missing "the")

Reviewer 2: Is this link supposed to go to a specific timecode in the video? (The `t=779s` part)

## Replicated Components

> Replicated includes components and features that make it easier for you to manage and deploy applications, and for enterprise users to install and manage their application instance.

Reviewer 2: Total suggestion, take it or leave it, but this wording sounds better to me.
```suggestion
Replicated includes components and features that make it easier for you to manage and deploy applications, and for enterprise users to install and manage their instance of your application.
```

> The following diagram shows the Replicated components as they relate to you as a vendor packaging your application and the deployment to an existing cluster and a VM cluster provisioned by the Replicated Kubernetes installer.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "VM cluster" is the right wording here. Maybe this?
```suggestion
The following diagram shows the Replicated components as they relate to you as a vendor packaging your application and the deployment to an existing cluster and a cluster provisioned by the Replicated Kubernetes installer on a VM.
```

> The following diagram shows the Replicated components as they relate to you as a vendor packaging your application and the deployment to an existing cluster and a cluster provisioned by the Replicated Kubernetes installer on a VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows the Replicated components as they relate to you as a vendor packaging your application, and the deployment to an existing cluster and a cluster provisioned by the Replicated Kubernetes installer on a VM.
```

![What is Replicated?](/images/what-is-replicated.png)

[View larger image](/images/what-is-replicated.png)

### Vendor Portal

The Replicated vendor portal is the web-based user interface that you can use to package and manage applications.

![Create an Application in the vendor portal](/images/guides/kots/create-application.png)

> You define Kubernetes manifest files, including application and custom resource manifests, using the built-in YAML editor and KOTS lint service (in the Help pane). These files describe how to distribute the application. Alternatively, you can use Helm charts.

Reviewer 2: I know this repo or whatever is called kots-lint, but is that a name we should use externally, especially as we move away from KOTS terminology?

Reviewer 2: I see we call it that here. That seems like something we should name differently IMO, though that's a separate issue from this PR. https://docs.replicated.com/reference/kots-lint#resource-requests-cpu

> You define Kubernetes manifest files, including application and custom resource manifests, using the built-in YAML editor and KOTS lint service (in the Help pane). These files describe how to distribute the application. Alternatively, you can use Helm charts.

Reviewer 2: Is this talking about our custom resources or theirs?
>including application and custom resource manifests

Author: Yes, it is Replicated CRs. Thanks for the suggestion.

> ![YAML editor in the vendor portal](/images/yaml-editor.png)

Reviewer 2: The file selector sidebar in this image looks funny. The add file and add folder buttons are overlapping existing file names. I wonder if that's an existing bug in the vendor portal.

Author: @ajp-io It does seem to be a bug in the vendor portal. I'll open an SC. It seems that no matter what size screen I use, that displays like that if there are too many files.

For this PR, I changed the screenshot to show fewer files so that the add file and add folder buttons display well.

You can also manage other artifacts, such as customer license files, image registries, and release channels.

> ![Channels](/images/channels.png)

Reviewer 2: In this picture, "Installer history" overlaps "Kubernetes Installer". Perhaps because the browser window was resized too small for it all to fit. Might want to see if we can adjust that.

### replicated CLI

The replicated command-line interface (CLI) is the CLI for the vendor portal. The replicated CLI can be used to complete tasks programmatically, including all tasks for packaging and managing applications, and managing artifacts such as teams, license files, and so on. For more information, see [Installing the replicated CLI](/reference/replicated-cli-installing).

### Vendor API v3

The Vendor API is the API for the vendor portal. This API can be used to complete tasks programmatically, including all tasks for packaging and managing applications, and managing artifacts such as teams, license files, and so on. For more information, see [Using the Vendor API V3](/reference/vendor-api-using).

### App Manager

> The Replicated app manager is the underlying technology that installs and manages applications on a Kubernetes cluster. It also installs the Replicated admin console and provides preflight and support bundle functionality from the Troubleshoot open source project. For more information about preflight checks and support bundles, see [Configuring Preflight Checks and Support Bundles](preflight-support-bundle-creating). For more information about the Troubleshoot open source project, see the [Troubleshoot repository](https://github.com/replicatedhq/troubleshoot) in GitHub.

Reviewer 2: "also installs" isn't accurate here since the app manager is the only thing installed. This goes back to our naming conversation :) I think we should reword this to say that there is a user interface component, but I don't think we should say that it installs an admin console.

The app manager deploys applications securely to the following Kubernetes cluster environments:

- Existing clusters
- Replicated Kubernetes installer provisioned clusters on virtual machines (VMs)

> - Air gapped on existing clusters or VM clusters

Reviewer: Does VM clusters mean Kubernetes installer provisioned clusters? (Recommend changing if so/clarifying what it means if not; I wasn't sure about the difference between "VM clusters" and "Kubernetes installer provisioned clusters" in the bullet above)

Author: Yep, good catch. I'm just going to call it a Kubernetes installer cluster on the second mention, since that's what we've been doing elsewhere.

> - High availability clusters

Reviewer 2: Is this Kubernetes installer clusters that are provisioned with the `ha` flag?

Author: @ajp-io  It's high availability mode with the Kubernetes installer: https://docs.replicated.com/enterprise/installing-embedded-cluster#installing-with-high-availability-mode

Is that topic impacted with the recent changes we're making to `ha`?

Reviewer 2: It's not impacted right now.

I wonder if we need a dedicated bullet for that. Technically that's just a Kubernetes installer provisioned cluster that's provisioned in a certain way, and it doesn't necessarily follow from the current text ("High availability clusters) that this is related to kURL.

Author: I can remove that bullet. Originally, I was wondering whether or not it was needed in this context.

The Replicated app manager is based on the open source KOTS project, which is maintained by Replicated.

### Kubernetes Installer

The Replicated Kubernetes installer provisions a cluster on a customer's virtual machine. This is known as a Kubernetes installer cluster or embedded cluster, and it allows customers to install an application without an existing Kubernetes cluster. For more information about configuring a Kubernetes installer cluster, see [Creating a Kubernetes Installer](/vendor/packaging-embedded-kubernetes). For more information about how enterprise users install with the Kubernetes installer, see [Installing with the Kubernetes Installer](/enterprise/installing-embedded-cluster).

The Kubernetes installer is based on the kURL open source project, which is maintained by Replicated. For more information, see the [kURL repository](https://github.com/replicatedhq/kURL) in GitHub.

> ### Admin Console

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should come right after App Manager instead of having Kubernetes Installer sandwiched between them.

> The Replicated admin console is a graphical user interface that interacts with the app manager. Enterprise customers can use the admin console to manage, update, configure, monitor, backup and restore, and troubleshoot their application instance.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say it "interacts with the app manager", because ultimately it is the app manager. Maybe this:
```suggestion
The Replicated admin console is a graphical user interface for the app manager. Enterprise customers can use the admin console to manage, update, configure, monitor, backup and restore, and troubleshoot their application instance.
```

Author: Thanks, I hesitated over that wording but couldn't find that simpler, better word :)

> The admin console is installed by the app manager.

Reviewer 2: Not really true, as I said above.

> The admin console is the graphical user interface for the app manager.
> 

Reviewer 2: This is in the above paragraph already.
```suggestion
```
